>> Mike North: And before we begin with
the attacks I just want to talk about
different types of hackers, right?
We've got black hat,
grey hat, and white hat.
Black hat hackers, these are the ones
that just cause trouble for
personal gain, or
just to hurt things for fun.
These are the ones that go to jail.
These are the ones that are causing
trouble and trying to get rich off of it,
or the Equihax hackers who
are now trying to sell
the entire database for
400 bitcoins on the dark web.
Like that's black hat hackers,
grey hat hackers they,
they're still try to compromise systems,
they still don't have permission.
They're mostly driven by curiosity and
occasionally these people well
report bugs that they find.
So when you talk about you know when there
are people who are just sort of curious
and try to crack into system the same
way people like to pick locks.
This is the category
we're talking about here.
Now, these people are not, the act they
may perform like the intrusion that maybe
a criminal act but typically they're not
gonna be causing damage once they get in.
They're almost like using
it as target practice and
not trying to stir up too much trouble.
White hat hackers, like if you go to
some of these security conferences or
you see videos on YouTube of like
people hacking into a Jeep and
getting it to like shut down its engine or
automatically drive,
these white hat hackers are what
you're looking at in that situation.
They're paid and
given permission to crack into systems.
Penetration testers fall into this
category, and you're basically trying to
find someone knowledgeable to do
their best to get into something,
so that when a black hat or
a grey hat hacker comes along,
you will have already found the
vulnerabilities and already fixed them.
So keep in mind, you need
permission to explore in this area.
So if you go into an airport and
just start creating a malicious
wi-fi network,
that's illegal, that's risky.
Don't do that.
We're here to learn about how
to defend against this stuff.
We're here to talk about
our own applications.
So do not use these powers for evil.
Something we're about to talk
about is the short answer here.
White hack hackers, they go through
a process called responsible disclosure.
And that means that you will If
you find a bug, if I find a bug in
front end masters, for example,
I would communicate it to them.
We'd agree upon a reasonable timeline.
Say, I will publish
knowledge of this bug within
90 days from now or
when you tell me that it is okay with you.
And that gives Mark
a chance to roll a fix out.
Say it was with the iOS app or something,
so he basically needs to patch the app,
roll it out to all new,
publish the version,
to witness that people are downloading it.
To maybe send an email out saying,
please update to the latest version.
Maybe in their API,
they can say, if you get a call from
this older version, just shut it down.
The app is broken.
That'll encourage people
to update more quickly.
And by the time I publish
a blog article or
something about it to spread awareness
amongst the developer community that I
found this quirky little thing and
here's how we fixed it.
By the time we get that information out,
this fix is already out and it's in place.
The black hat hackers,
they typically like to disclose
without giving people advance notice.
And if you hear the term zero day bug,
that is what this is.
That's basically it's
a bug no-one knows about
that can be used to either get
a foothold within a system or
to get complete control over a system,
but these essentially are like weapons.
And so if you just disclose this without
giving whoever owns this project a chance
to fix it, now it's a race between
patching and hardening this problem and
patching the vulnerability versus
people trying to exploit it.
And almost always,
it's like some damage will be done,
because these people that are trying to
crack into your systems are pretty smart.